[azcosmos] Deduplicate partition key ranges by ID during cache refresh (#27282)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/data/azcosmos/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- cSpell:ignore documentdb unmarshalling -->

## 1.6.0-beta.2 (Unreleased)

### Features Added

### Breaking Changes

### Bugs Fixed

> * Fixed partition key range cache refreshes failing against containers undergoing physical partition splits. A change-feed drain accumulates every page, so a range that is updated mid-split is re-delivered as a second revision of the same range ID; the routing map now deduplicates by range ID (keeping the latest revision) before validating range continuity, instead of rejecting the set with a "service returned an incomplete set of ranges" error reporting that the range overlaps itself. A full refresh that still observes an incomplete set is now retried once before failing. See [Issue 27246](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/issues/27246).

Reviewer: pls link pr instead of gh issue

> * Fixed partition key range cache refreshes failing against containers undergoing physical partition splits. A change-feed drain accumulates every page, so a range that is updated mid-split is re-delivered as a second revision of the same range ID; the routing map now deduplicates by range ID (keeping the latest revision) before validating range continuity, instead of rejecting the set with a "service returned an incomplete set of ranges" error reporting that the range overlaps itself. A full refresh that still observes an incomplete set is now retried once before failing. See [Issue 27246](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/issues/27246).

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed partition key range cache refreshes failing against containers undergoing physical partition splits. A change-feed drain accumulates every page, so a range that is updated mid-split is re-delivered as a second revision of the same range ID; the routing map now deduplicates by range ID (keeping the latest revision) before validating range continuity, instead of rejecting the set with a "service returned an incomplete set of ranges" error reporting that the range overlaps itself. A full refresh that still observes an incomplete set is now retried once before failing. See [PR 27282](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go/pull/27282).
```
